# OAuth2 Client Resource

Provides a Hydra [OAuth2 Client](https://www.ory.sh/hydra/docs/reference/api#schemaoauth2client) resource.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "oryhydra_oauth2_client" "example" {
  client_name = "Example"
  client_metadata = {
    "Foo" = "Bar"
  }

  scopes         = ["offline", "openid"]
  grant_types    = ["refresh_token", "authorization_code"]
  response_types = ["code"]

  audience      = ["http://localhost:8080"]
  redirect_uris = ["http://localhost:8080/redirect.html"]

  subject_type               = "public"
  token_endpoint_auth_method = "none"
}
```

## Argument Reference

For more detailed documentation about each argument, refer to the [Hydra official documentation](https://www.ory.sh/hydra/docs/reference/api/#properties-33).

* `client_id` - (Optional) The id for this Client. If empty, the id will be generated by Hydra.

* `client_secret` - (Optional) The Client's secret. If empty, the secret will be generated by Hydra.

* `client_name` - (Optional) Name is the human-readable string name of the Client to be presented to the end-user during authorization.

* `client_metadata` - (Optional) Custom metadata for the Client.

* `scopes` - (Optional) A list of scopes for the Client. Scope is a value as described in Section 3.3 of OAuth 2.0 [RFC6749](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749) that the Client can use when requesting access tokens.

* `grant_types` - (Optional) A list of grant types the Client is allowed to use. Valid values include `refresh_token`, `authorization_code`, `client_credentials` and `implicit`.

* `response_types` - (Optional) A list of the OAuth 2.0 response type strings that the Client can use at the authorization endpoint. Valid values include `token`, `code`, `id_token`.

* `audience` - (Optional) Audience is a whitelist defining the audiences this Client is allowed to request tokens for. An audience limits the applicability of an OAuth 2.0 Access Token to, for example, certain API endpoints. The value is a list of URLs. URLs MUST NOT contain whitespaces.

* `post_logout_redirect_uris` - (Optional) A list of URLs supplied by the RP to which it MAY request that the End-User's User Agent be redirected using the post_logout_redirect_uri parameter after a logout has been performed.

* `backchannel_logout_session_required` - (Optional) Boolean value specifying whether the RP requires that a sid (session ID) Claim be included in the Logout Token to identify the RP session with the OP when the backchannel_logout_uri is used. If omitted, the default value is false.

* `backchannel_logout_uri` - (Optional) RP URL that will cause the RP to log itself out when sent a Logout Token by the OP.

* `frontchannel_logout_session_required` - (Optional) Boolean value specifying whether the RP requires that iss (issuer) and sid (session ID) query parameters be included to identify the RP session with the OP when the frontchannel_logout_uri is used. If omitted, the default value is false.

* `frontchannel_logout_uri` - (Optional) RP URL that will cause the RP to log itself out when rendered in an iframe by the OP. An iss (issuer) query parameter and a sid (session ID) query parameter MAY be included by the OP to enable the RP to validate the request and to determine which of the potentially multiple sessions is to be logged out; if either is included, both MUST be.

* `redirect_uris` - (Optional) A list of allowed redirect urls for the Client, for example `http://mydomain/oauth/callback`.

* `owner` - (Optional) Owner is a string identifying the owner of the OAuth 2.0 Client.

* `policy_uri` - (Optional) URL string that points to a human-readable privacy policy document that describes how the deployment organization collects, uses, retains, and discloses personal data.

* `allowed_cors_origins` - (Optional) A list of URLs (`scheme://host[:port]`) which are allowed to make CORS requests to the /oauth/token endpoint.
If this list is empty, the server's CORS origin configuration will be used instead. If this list is set, the allowed origins are appended to the server's CORS origin configuration.
Be aware that the server must have CORS enabled for this to work.

* `tos_uri` - (Optional) URL string that points to a human-readable terms of service document for the Client that describes a contractual relationship between the end-user and the client that the end-user accepts when authorizing the Client.

* `client_uri` - (Optional) URL string of a web page providing information about the client.

* `logo_uri` - (Optional) URL string that references a logo for the client.

* `contacts` - (Optional) A list of strings representing ways to contact people responsible for this client, typically email addresses.

* `subject_type` - (Optional) Subject type requested for responses to this Client. Valid types include `pairwise` and `public`.

* `token_endpoint_auth_method` - (Optional) Requested Client Authentication method for the Token Endpoint. Valid methods include `client_secret_post`, `client_secret_basic`, `private_key_jwt`, and `none`.

## Attribute Reference

All arguments above can be used as attributes.

For example, to get Client id and secret generated by Hydra:

```hcl
resource "oryhydra_oauth2_client" "demo" {
  client_name = "Demo Client"
}

output "oauth2_client_demo_client_id" {
  value = oryhydra_oauth2_client.demo.client_id
}

output "oauth2_client_demo_client_secret" {
  value     = oryhydra_oauth2_client.demo.client_secret
  sensitive = true
}
```
